OUTPUT.md, before:

## Changes Made

---

### Header

1. Padding inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `px-6 py-4`, inconsistent with design spacing.
   - Fix: Updated to `px-8 py-3` for consistency.

2. Border color inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `border-gray-800`, did not match app palette.
   - Fix: Updated to `border-gray-500`.

3. Logo responsiveness
   - Issue: Logo used `w-10 h-10` without responsiveness.
   - Fix: Changed to `w-5 h-5 md:w-6 md:h-6` for responsive sizing.

4. Title semantic and styling
   - Issue: Wrapped title in `<div>` without semantic styling.
   - Fix: Changed to `<span>` with `text-white font-bold text-lg md:text-xl tracking-tight`.

5. Unnecessary inline styles
   - Issue: Used `style={{ position: "relative" }}`.
   - Fix: Replaced with Tailwind `relative` utility.

6. Search bar accessibility and structure
   - Issue: Nested `<span>` wrappers, no ARIA roles.
   - Fix: Replaced with clean structure using `role="search"` and `aria-label="Search in header"`.

7. Focus ring visibility
   - Issue: Used `focus:ring-0`, making focus invisible.
   - Fix: Replaced with `focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-blue-500`.

8. Placeholder, padding, and rounding inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `rounded-full`, `pl-9`, no consistent placeholder styling.
   - Fix: Updated to `rounded-lg`, `pl-13`, added `py-6`, `md:text-md`, and placeholder styling.

9. Avatar responsiveness
   - Issue: Inline sizing `style={{ width: "32px", height: "32px" }}`.
   - Fix: Updated to `className="w-10 h-10 md:w-[54px] md:h-[54px] mr-3"`.

---

### BoxArea97

1. Container width
   - Issue: Limited to `max-w-5xl`, reducing visual space.
   - Fix: Updated to `max-w-7xl` for wider responsiveness.

2. Vertical spacing inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `mt-8`, inconsistent with other sections.
   - Fix: Changed to `mt-10`.

3. Background image sizing
   - Issue: Used `h-96 object-cover`, not aligning with new layout.
   - Fix: Updated to `h-120 object-fit`.

4. Heading styling
   - Issue: Heading used `text-3xl md:text-5xl`, lacked consistent design styling.
   - Fix: Updated to `text-5xl md:text-7xl font-extrabold text-gray-300 mb-6 tracking-tighter leading-tight font-heading`.

---

### BoxArea108

1. Missing TypeScript props typing
   - Issue: No clear `Props` type definition.
   - Fix: Added:
     ```ts
     type BoxArea108Props = {
       initialValue: string;
       onSearch: (search: string) => void;
     };
     ```

2. Container styling inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `bg-black`, `rounded-full`, and small max width.
   - Fix: Updated to:
     ```tsx
     className="flex items-center bg-neutral-950 border border-gray-700 px-3 py-3 rounded-2xl w-full max-w-2xl shadow-md"
     ```
     Added `role="search"` for accessibility.

3. Input field design inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `bg-transparent`, lacked focus and text styling.
   - Fix: Added:
     ```tsx
     md:text-2xl text-white placeholder:text-gray-600 focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-blue-500 text-base pl-4
     ```
     for clear focus and consistency.

4. Search icon accessibility and sizing
   - Issue: Used `text-gray-400 mr-3`, lacked clear sizing and placement.
   - Fix: Updated to `text-gray-600 ml-3 w-7 h-7`.

5. Search button clarity and consistency
   - Issue: Inconsistent button styling and missing explicit type.
   - Fix: Added `type="button"` and `aria-label="Trigger search"`, updated styling:
     ```tsx
     bg-blue-800 hover:bg-blue-500 text-gray-300 ml-3 px-7 py-9 text-base rounded-xl
     ```
     ensuring color consistency and clear hit area.

---

### TagList

1. Missing TypeScript props typing
   - Issue: Lacked explicit prop types for clarity.
   - Fix: Added:
     ```ts
     type TagListProps = {
       title: string;
       tags: string[];
     };
     ```

2. Container structure and styling inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `div.mt-8 px-6 max-w-5xl`, lacked semantic structure.
   - Fix: Updated to `section.mt-10 px-1 max-w-7xl`.

3. Heading styling inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `text-white text-lg font-semibold`.
   - Fix: Updated to `text-gray-300 text-lg md:text-3xl font-bold mb-6`.

4. Badge color and padding inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `bg-gray-800 text-white hover:bg-gray-700 cursor-pointer`.
   - Fix: Updated to:
     ```tsx
     bg-gray-800 hover:bg-gray-750 text-gray-450 rounded-xl px-4 py-1.5 text-sm md:text-xl
     ```
     for consistent shape, padding, and muted styling.

---

## Changes Made

### useIsMobile Hook

1. SSR safety and hydration consistency  
   - Issue: Using `window` directly can throw errors during SSR, and initializing `isMobile` with `undefined` can cause hydration mismatches in Next.js and React 19.  
   - Fix: Added a safe initialization:  
     ```ts
     const [isMobile, setIsMobile] = React.useState<boolean>(() => {
       if (typeof window !== "undefined") {
         return window.innerWidth < MOBILE_BREAKPOINT;
       }
       return false;
     });
     ```
2. Using `mql.matches` instead of `window.innerWidth`  
   - Issue: Mixing `window.innerWidth` and `matchMedia` adds inconsistency and redundancy.  
   - Fix: Replaced with:  
     ```ts
     setIsMobile(mql.matches);
     ```

3. Safari < 14 compatibility  
   - Issue: Older Safari versions do not support `mql.addEventListener`.  
   - Fix: Added fallback using:  
     ```ts
     if (mql.addEventListener) {
       mql.addEventListener("change", onChange);
     } else {
       mql.addListener(onChange);
     }
     ```

4. Added cleanup with browser compatibility  
   - Issue: Cleanup only using `removeEventListener` may fail on older browsers.  
   - Fix: Matching fallback in cleanup:  
     ```ts
     if (mql.removeEventListener) {
       mql.removeEventListener("change", onChange);
     } else {
       mql.removeListener(onChange);
     }
     ```

---

Commit message:

restructure project by modularizing components

OUTPUT.md, after:

## Changes Made

---


### Project Structure

1. Component separation and reusability  
   - Issue: Components were not separated into clear, reusable files.  
     Initially, search, header, hero section, and tag list logic were mixed or kept inline, making the project harder to navigate and maintain.  
   - Fix:  
     Created dedicated component files:
     - `BoxArea97.tsx` for the hero section.
     - `BoxArea108.tsx` for the search bar.
     - `Header.tsx` for the top navigation.
     - `TagList.tsx` for the tag display section.

---

### Header

1. Padding inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `px-6 py-4`, inconsistent with design spacing.
   - Fix: Updated to `px-8 py-3` for consistency.

2. Border color inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `border-gray-800`, did not match app palette.
   - Fix: Updated to `border-gray-500`.

3. Logo responsiveness
   - Issue: Logo used `w-10 h-10` without responsiveness.
   - Fix: Changed to `w-5 h-5 md:w-6 md:h-6` for responsive sizing.

4. Title semantic and styling
   - Issue: Wrapped title in `<div>` without semantic styling.
   - Fix: Changed to `<span>` with `text-white font-bold text-lg md:text-xl tracking-tight`.

5. Unnecessary inline styles
   - Issue: Used `style={{ position: "relative" }}`.
   - Fix: Replaced with Tailwind `relative` utility.

6. Search bar accessibility and structure
   - Issue: Nested `<span>` wrappers, no ARIA roles.
   - Fix: Replaced with clean structure using `role="search"` and `aria-label="Search in header"`.

7. Focus ring visibility
   - Issue: Used `focus:ring-0`, making focus invisible.
   - Fix: Replaced with `focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-blue-500`.

8. Placeholder, padding, and rounding inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `rounded-full`, `pl-9`, no consistent placeholder styling.
   - Fix: Updated to `rounded-lg`, `pl-13`, added `py-6`, `md:text-md`, and placeholder styling.

9. Avatar responsiveness
   - Issue: Inline sizing `style={{ width: "32px", height: "32px" }}`.
   - Fix: Updated to `className="w-10 h-10 md:w-[54px] md:h-[54px] mr-3"`.

---

### BoxArea97

1. Container width
   - Issue: Limited to `max-w-5xl`, reducing visual space.
   - Fix: Updated to `max-w-7xl` for wider responsiveness.

2. Vertical spacing inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `mt-8`, inconsistent with other sections.
   - Fix: Changed to `mt-10`.

3. Background image sizing
   - Issue: Used `h-96 object-cover`, not aligning with new layout.
   - Fix: Updated to `h-120 object-fit`.

4. Heading styling
   - Issue: Heading used `text-3xl md:text-5xl`, lacked consistent design styling.
   - Fix: Updated to `text-5xl md:text-7xl font-extrabold text-gray-300 mb-6 tracking-tighter leading-tight font-heading`.

---

### BoxArea108

1. Missing TypeScript props typing
   - Issue: No clear `Props` type definition.
   - Fix: Added:
     ```ts
     type BoxArea108Props = {
       initialValue: string;
       onSearch: (search: string) => void;
     };
     ```

2. Container styling inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `bg-black`, `rounded-full`, and small max width.
   - Fix: Updated to:
     ```tsx
     className="flex items-center bg-neutral-950 border border-gray-700 px-3 py-3 rounded-2xl w-full max-w-2xl shadow-md"
     ```
     Added `role="search"` for accessibility.

3. Input field design inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `bg-transparent`, lacked focus and text styling.
   - Fix: Added:
     ```tsx
     md:text-2xl text-white placeholder:text-gray-600 focus:outline-none focus:ring-2 focus:ring-blue-500 text-base pl-4
     ```
     for clear focus and consistency.

4. Search icon accessibility and sizing
   - Issue: Used `text-gray-400 mr-3`, lacked clear sizing and placement.
   - Fix: Updated to `text-gray-600 ml-3 w-7 h-7`.

5. Search button clarity and consistency
   - Issue: Inconsistent button styling and missing explicit type.
   - Fix: Added `type="button"` and `aria-label="Trigger search"`, updated styling:
     ```tsx
     bg-blue-800 hover:bg-blue-500 text-gray-300 ml-3 px-7 py-9 text-base rounded-xl
     ```
     ensuring color consistency and clear hit area.

---

### TagList

1. Missing TypeScript props typing
   - Issue: Lacked explicit prop types for clarity.
   - Fix: Added:
     ```ts
     type TagListProps = {
       title: string;
       tags: string[];
     };
     ```

2. Container structure and styling inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `div.mt-8 px-6 max-w-5xl`, lacked semantic structure.
   - Fix: Updated to `section.mt-10 px-1 max-w-7xl`.

3. Heading styling inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `text-white text-lg font-semibold`.
   - Fix: Updated to `text-gray-300 text-lg md:text-3xl font-bold mb-6`.

4. Badge color and padding inconsistency
   - Issue: Used `bg-gray-800 text-white hover:bg-gray-700 cursor-pointer`.
   - Fix: Updated to:
     ```tsx
     bg-gray-800 hover:bg-gray-750 text-gray-450 rounded-xl px-4 py-1.5 text-sm md:text-xl
     ```
     for consistent shape, padding, and muted styling.

---

### useIsMobile Hook

1. SSR safety and hydration consistency  
   - Issue: Using `window` directly can throw errors during SSR, and initializing `isMobile` with `undefined` can cause hydration mismatches in Next.js and React 19.  
   - Fix: Added a safe initialization:  
     ```ts
     const [isMobile, setIsMobile] = React.useState<boolean>(() => {
       if (typeof window !== "undefined") {
         return window.innerWidth < MOBILE_BREAKPOINT;
       }
       return false;
     });
     ```
2. Using `mql.matches` instead of `window.innerWidth`  
   - Issue: Mixing `window.innerWidth` and `matchMedia` adds inconsistency and redundancy.  
   - Fix: Replaced with:  
     ```ts
     setIsMobile(mql.matches);
     ```

3. Safari < 14 compatibility  
   - Issue: Older Safari versions do not support `mql.addEventListener`.  
   - Fix: Added fallback using:  
     ```ts
     if (mql.addEventListener) {
       mql.addEventListener("change", onChange);
     } else {
       mql.addListener(onChange);
     }
     ```

4. Added cleanup with browser compatibility  
   - Issue: Cleanup only using `removeEventListener` may fail on older browsers.  
   - Fix: Matching fallback in cleanup:  
     ```ts
     if (mql.removeEventListener) {
       mql.removeEventListener("change", onChange);
     } else {
       mql.removeListener(onChange);
     }
     ```

---
